SUMMARY
RAJDEEP JADAV
rajjadav14@gmail.com | +91-9157098922 | A-11/2 ShantivanColony,Mundra,Kutch,Gujarat,India
Senior Software Engineer
I am a senior software developer with 6+ years of experience, specializing in writing clean, efficient, and
maintainable code within deadlines. I am highly motivated, adaptable, and always eager to learn new
technologies and skills to deliver impactful and innovative solutions
EDUCATION
HSC (Science) - 75.8% 2014-2016
Adani Public School
Board - CBSE
Bachelor of Engineering (BE) -7.29 CGPA 2016-2020
Aditya Silver Oak Institute Of Technology
Branch - Computer Engineering
University - Gujarat Technological University (GTU)
EDUCATION
KEY SKILLS
SSC - 83.6% 2012-2014
Adani Public School
Board - CBSE
Languages :- Javascript (JS) , Typescript (TS) , Python 3 (py)
Backend Tech :- FastAPI ,Node Js, Express Js, Nest js, GraphQ
Frontend Tech :- HTML ,CSS , React Js, Next Js, Redux
Database :- MongoDB , PostgreSQL, MySQL , DynamoDB
Cloud :- AWS , Kubernetes, Helm Charts , Serverless, Terraform , Microservice ,CI/CD , Github
Actions
AWS :- VPC, EC2, S3, Lambda, DynamoDB, RDS, ECS, Fargate, API Gateway , ELB, Cloudwatch,
Cloudfront, IAM ,EFS and more.
Miscellaneous :- Docker , Redis, Stripe, Grafana k6 , Apigee X , RabbitMQ , Microsoft EntraId ,
Datadog ,OpenAPI ,OAuth2, JWT, pytest, Jest
AI Tools :- Github Copilot, Cursor , Claude code
WORK EXPERIENCE
05-Dec-2022 to 18-Aug-2023
Company Name - OpenXcell
Project Name - USCCB
Company Name - Growexx
Project Name -Reader.io
United States Conference of Catholic Bishop (USCCB) is an organization of catholic bishops. We
were tasked with developing a mobile application (Flutter) ,a CMS Portal (React) for
management, and a backend server (Nest Js) to create and monitor church- related activities.
My roles were :-
Made Architecture Design including tech stack and code flow diagrams as this was green
field project.
Design the Nest Js and FastAPI architecture from scratch.
Design and maintain both Relational and Non-Relational Databases.
created CMS portal using React Js.
Created API’s for both Mobile application and CMS portal.
Reader io is a SaaS based platform for extracting information from pdf or images. We can train
the application for the pdf first and then it will automatically grab information from similar pdfs.
My roles were :-
Designed the architecture for backend in Express Js (Typescript) .
Dockerized server on AWS EC2 with Auto Scaling and Load Balancing for scalability..
Created interactive UI using React Js with Antd Library. wrote unit test using Jest.
Integrated Stripe to enable payment processing.
Used Agile methodology, actively participating in Scrum ceremonies and managing tasks
through Jira.
Designed and supervised MongoDB Atlas database.
Company Name - Tatvasoft 01-Jan-2020 to 30-Nov-2022
Project Name - Equals Group - PLC
I was working on a Project of Equals Group, a UK based company which provides financial
services. It is a forex and banking platform for trading of multiple currencies across various
countries using various payment methods. I worked as a fullstack developer with react in FE and
node, python in BE. My roles were :-
Involved in the design and development of development of new features and functionalities
using React for frontend and Node , Typescript, Python ,GraphQl for with serverless
backend.
Worked with Terraform to handle entire AWS infrastructure.
Built and managed microservices leveraging multiple AWS services..
Worked with multiple Databases like PostgreSQL and DynamoDB
Collaborated closely with on-site clients to design and build the application.
20-Nov-2023 to 28-Feb-2025
Company Name - FunicTech
Project Name - Cognizant-Liberty Mutual (Contractor)
Working as Contractor with Liberty Mutual. Created , updated, upgraded and maintained
geospatial API’s.Worked with onshore team ,clients and vendors to maintain API’s.
My roles were :-
Maintaining and Updating Backend APIs Connect with client daily for scrum call.
Worked with aws-cdk-lib and boto3 to maintain entire AWS infrastructure.
Helped with AWS ECS migration to Kubernetes with Helm Charts.
Created Lambda functions in Python, Node and Java.
Created UI in React Js.
worked extensively with AWS infrastructure.
Implemented dataload workflow using Event Driven architecture and made the dataload
fault tolerant
Added new services from scratch, which used Microsoft EntraID for auth, ApigeeX from API
management, Datadog for logging and AWS lambda for computation.
Implemented CI/CD pipleline using Github Actions.
Tested and updated the DR environments.
03-March-2025 to 03-April-2026
Languages
English
Hindi
Gujarati
Hobbies
Reading Books
Badminton
Listening music